ok so I make this video when you see how
much time oh good um unfortunately to
give my now I have to take up engages
which rata see you
um so I don't really want my gauges
laying around anymore so I can forget
something to do with them um yeah sighs
I have a free shirt these are 14 I mean
this going like no problem at all so 14
I got rid of my time sandwich from 14 to
um there
these are this is
a taper and a six here's the plug I know
you can't see what it's like a flat
photo sixes
these are the fours we're still like
tapers I don't know where the ports are
they have these are the two that I have
heart over blue and red you little putz
come on so it gets on it oh and these
are another pair of two's that I have
that I got at the mall that's a little
cafe and they're like pinkish and use it
as Rosenhaus they're so cool
Bobby's I were still hasn't I miss him
so much
so
14 6 is 42 features today without like I
want to keep but I mean I don't want to
sell used gauges and some gross yeah but
the Honda's oh well no they're all over
the floor